What do you think if tomorrow ...
... you and I are going to the game room?
I will pay for the first game.
Can you buy double chips, to play on the same team?
We are always on the same team.
Good afternoon. Our main news ...
... the disappearance of Kevin Flynn was reported.
The visionary icon ...
... and executive director of ENCOM ...
... rose quickly to the top of the technology industry.
He was last seen at home with his son Sam and leaves ...
... back to an empire and a ...
... child now an orphan.
Last night someone sent a message to the beeper, Sam.
The message came from your dad's office in the playroom.
You act like I'm going to ...
... find him sitting there working, Alan.
Where I am?
He is diferent.
Your father was the Creator.
He never thought he would see you again.
- Father. - Sam?
- We have not seen each other for a long time. - You have no idea.
ON DECEMBER 17
The net...
... a place of infinite possibilities.
Is incredible.
More beautiful than I could ever dream ...
... and more dangerous ...
... what I could ever imagine.
What happened?
My creation turned against me.
Kevin Flynn!
Where are you now?
What am I supposed to do?
Survive.
We have to get you out of here.
Out there ...
... there is a new world!
Here they come.
Out there ...
Yes!
... our destiny is found!
TRON: THE LEGACY
IN SELECTED CINEMAS IN 3D DIGITAL DISNEY, 3D RealD and 3D IMAX
17.12.2010